Readme.md, before:

# Contains Solutions to the Course *GE19211-Problem Solving and Programming in Python*


## [Week 1](/week1)
- [25 Questions Given](/week1/25questions.pdf)
- [Solutions to 25 Questions Given](/week1/solutions.py)
- [Assignment-1 Questions](/week1/assignment1.pdf)
- [Assignment-1 Answers](/week1/assignment1-soln.py)

## [Week 2](/week2)
- [Print Address](/week2/1_print_address.py)
- [Widgets and Gizmos](/week2/2_Widgets_and_gizmos.py)
- [Gross Salary](/week2/3_gross_salary.py)
- [Converting Input Strings](/week2/4_converting_input_strings.py)
- [Deposits](/week2/5_deposit.py)
- [Area of a Field](/week2/6_Area_of_a_field.py)

## [Operators](/operators/)
- [Doll Strings](/operators/1_doll_Strings.py)
- [Birthday Party](/operators/2_birthday_party.py)
- [Hammering Weight](/operators/3_hamming_weight.py)
- [Compound Interest](/operators/4_compound_interest.py)
- [Eligible to Donate Blood](/operators/5_eligible_to_donate_blood.py)
- [C or D](/operators/6_c_or_d.py)
- [Troy Battle](/operators/7_troy_battle.py)

## [Selection Statements](/selection_statements/)
- [Even or Odd](/selection_statements/1_even_or_odd.py)
- [Vowel or Consonant](/selection_statements/2_vowel_or_constant.py)
- [Is it a Leap Year](/selection_statements/3_is_it_a_leap_year.py)
- [IN or OUT](/selection_statements/4_in_or_out.py)
- [Classifying Triangles](/selection_statements/5_classifying_triangles.py)
- [Admission Eligibllity](/selection_statements/6_admission_eligibility.py)
- [Electricity Bill Calculation](/selection_statements/7_electricity_bill_calculation.py)
- [Return Second Last Digit](/selection_statements/8_return_Second_last_digit_of_given_number.py)
- [Month name to Days](/selection_statements/9_month_name_to_days.py)
- [Calculating Discount](/selection_statements/10_calculating_discount.py)

## [Extra Problems](/extra-problems)
- [Extract Name and Domain](/extra-problems/1_extract_name_and_domain.py)
- [Gregarion Calender](/extra-problems/2_Gregarion_calender.py)
- [Assigning Multiple Variables](/extra-problems/3_Assigning_multiple_Variables.py)
- [Multiple Statements Print](/extra-problems/4_multiple_Statements_print.py)

Commit message:

Added Assignment 2 and Update Readme.md

Readme.md, after:

# Contains Solutions to the Course _GE19211-Problem Solving and Programming in Python_

## [Week 1](/week1)

- [25 Questions Given](/week1/25questions.pdf)
- [Solutions to 25 Questions Given](/week1/solutions.py)
- [Assignment-1 Questions](/week1/assignment1.pdf)
- [Assignment-1 Answers](/week1/assignment1-soln.py)

## [Week 2](/week2)

- [Print Address](/week2/1_print_address.py)
- [Widgets and Gizmos](/week2/2_Widgets_and_gizmos.py)
- [Gross Salary](/week2/3_gross_salary.py)
- [Converting Input Strings](/week2/4_converting_input_strings.py)
- [Deposits](/week2/5_deposit.py)
- [Area of a Field](/week2/6_Area_of_a_field.py)

## [Week 3](/week3)

- [Assignment-2 Questions](/week3/assignment2/assignment2_q.png)
- [Assignment-2 Answers](/week3/assignment2/Assignment2.ipynb)

## [Operators](/operators/)

- [Doll Strings](/operators/1_doll_Strings.py)
- [Birthday Party](/operators/2_birthday_party.py)
- [Hammering Weight](/operators/3_hamming_weight.py)
- [Compound Interest](/operators/4_compound_interest.py)
- [Eligible to Donate Blood](/operators/5_eligible_to_donate_blood.py)
- [C or D](/operators/6_c_or_d.py)
- [Troy Battle](/operators/7_troy_battle.py)

## [Selection Statements](/selection_statements/)

- [Even or Odd](/selection_statements/1_even_or_odd.py)
- [Vowel or Consonant](/selection_statements/2_vowel_or_constant.py)
- [Is it a Leap Year](/selection_statements/3_is_it_a_leap_year.py)
- [IN or OUT](/selection_statements/4_in_or_out.py)
- [Classifying Triangles](/selection_statements/5_classifying_triangles.py)
- [Admission Eligibllity](/selection_statements/6_admission_eligibility.py)
- [Electricity Bill Calculation](/selection_statements/7_electricity_bill_calculation.py)
- [Return Second Last Digit](/selection_statements/8_return_Second_last_digit_of_given_number.py)
- [Month name to Days](/selection_statements/9_month_name_to_days.py)
- [Calculating Discount](/selection_statements/10_calculating_discount.py)

## [Extra Problems](/extra-problems)

- [Extract Name and Domain](/extra-problems/1_extract_name_and_domain.py)
- [Gregarion Calender](/extra-problems/2_Gregarion_calender.py)
- [Assigning Multiple Variables](/extra-problems/3_Assigning_multiple_Variables.py)
- [Multiple Statements Print](/extra-problems/4_multiple_Statements_print.py)
